All right.
Late right.
So we're going on a motorcycle trip here and we're starting our engine out right at May 9 0 0 0 0 military
time.
And we forget how long we've been going.
And we have a digital timer and keeping track of essentially the minutes and what we want to do is convert
those minutes into a standard you know to a standard hour and minute combination which then will get
the total value of that.
So if we've been traveling for 240 minutes or approximately you know since to 4 a.m. our total would
be four because would be zero this digit plus four plus the first minute digit and the second minute
digit.
That's our objective here.
And then 8 away you can see the same thing where it's 13:28 when you get the value 14 from the minutes
and I use quite a few methods to solve this.
I use to string.
Concat split parsing reduce and map.
Let's jump into it.
All right.
I solved this was I first got the hours then I got the minutes I separated them out and then from there
I took the hours to string I took the hours convert it to a string.
I concatenated the minutes that I then converted to a string I converted to a string then concatenated
the minutes and finally I split it up into a character array and then I just reduced it after I parsed
the strings as integers.
So that's how I suddenly got the numbers made a string then treat them as they were treating them as
if they were not a not a a string.
And then I added them together which now that I'm thinking about it will see I think some have overly
complicated this and looking at it right now and like I think I think I did some soakers.
One of the methods I forgot to add on there was map the floor so that ours is equal to math.
Floyd There is a floor here is we don't want the remainder we only want the hours from our input and
here we're going to divide that by 60.
That's going to give us our hours to go and drop off the remainder.
But we do want the minutes which is going to be equal to our input modulo 60.
So the remainder of the minutes which let me see if I did this incorrectly our
Yes Arka.
That didn't work.
I was just thinking I may have gone I may have gotten a little hifi but I forgot that we have to add
the the total of the two items.
How I think I went too crazy.
But now they're right the first time.
All right.
So I'll recreate this time variable here.
And what this is going to be is our hours and we're going to convert it to a string that we're just
going to concat that with the minutes which will also go ahead and convert to a string
and then we're going to split it into a character array.
Now that we have it in a character array which we're then going to map because it's going to get angry
if I try to just use Reduce on a string array.
So we're going to map our chars
and just go ahead and stay celibate we're going to return Parsee and oh this is going to be.
Yeah.
Percent char.
Excellent.
So that's going to return an array of integers.
You need that there.
All we have to do then is just return that item time.
We just have to add it together which is just going to be the reduce method here and should that be
a plus b.
And there we go.
Wait did that did that work before.
Was that right.
Four and 14.
Is that what we got before.
Return hours plus minutes.
Now for for you our goal there we go.
I believe that's right.
Does it.
Why.
Why do I think that's not right.
Yeah it's for 14.
Ok cool.
Sometimes I go a little crazy but so what we had to do here was we had to figure out how can we get
the numbers that we need to represent time once we have those time numbers.
And that was these first two things.
We then had to find a way to split each and treat each individual number as a digit and we do that by
converting it to a string.
Break it down into a character array.
Now we need to parse the end for when we reduce here so that we can then add all the numbers together
because are currently strings.